the US is stuck in its ways it's stuck
in debt and how is it ever going to get
out you came here for the truth so let
me unveil that for you today's video we
are going to talk about debt we're going
to look at what the United States has
been doing the Monopoly is it possibly
over all of that to be discussed here
today I'm going to explain what this
means for you for the economy as a whole
beginning with this you could see the
student loan forgiveness it uh gets a
record number of public comments people
are interested they're saying me me me I
want my student loans to be forgiven of
course they're doing this at a time in
which student loans are like $1.7
trillion a lot of people are saying I'm
just not going to pay it because I think
at some point this guy is going to wipe
out my debt why pay it that's a concern
there's way too much debt that people
have encountered average being
$400 payments per month for student debt
seniors have student debt it's crushing
now what about tariffs look at this us
set to impose 100% tariff on Chinese
electric vehicle Imports they want to
protect domestic industry from the cheap
competition we've seen this before
looking at this what about sharply
raising tariffs on Chinese EVS steel and
solar cells the quadruple tariff aims to
keep excessive cheap Chinese uh EVS at
Bay and protect the US Auto industry you
get that okay what about this China
produces
55% of all steel and they uh whoever
gets in next in the presidency want to
have tariffs do you see a problem with
that
steel is 55% of it coming from China and
now you're going to most tariffs tariffs
on the Eves okay tariffs on everything
all these different things are applying
tariffs and the government at the same
time is forgiving debt where they
can who is going to pay for all of this
if you impose a tariff if they're going
to impose tariff on steel does that mean
that
steel is just going to like like the
manufacturer like let's say I make a
product with steel in the United States
for instance but I'm importing from
China so now I'm going to go okay I got
an idea I'm I'm just going to take out
of my profit margin I'm not going to
make as much money or am I going to say
oh there's a there's a tariff there you
know what let's Source from a different
country or let's try to Source from
within our own
country is there a reason why they would
go all the way to the other side of the
world in order to Source something it's
because the price is lower if if they do
all of these things you have to pay a
higher price you have to pay more for
your vehicles for your consumer products
you will see the prices of everything
rise in the future there it doesn't
matter about what inflation rate they
talk about core PCI all that
nonsense inflation real inflation price
inflation that's going up you got to
understand this okay it's huge America's
War Machine runs on rare Earth magnets
China owns that market okay uh 92% of
the global market share now now let's be
clear about something it it
isn't um the fact that they have all
those resources is that they're doing
all the refining they're doing the
mining of these things nobody else is
and so that's really all that matters oh
you could say well okay we'll just do
we'll just do the mining we'll do the
refining we'll do all that okay if you
start today how mines take years and
years and years and years to get up
online and a lot of them don't work out
so that's there for a long time expect
prices this this is my message for now
we'll talk about more in a second expect
prices to go much higher if you think
prices are high
today it is going to be shocking to what
you see in the future Apple's in the
iPhone output hits $14 billion in China
shift now this is good if you want
diversification of the supply chain and
everything great you could see what's
happening there is a shift that's been
going on a lot of companies are saying
can we do business in Vietnam can we do
business in India where what other
options do we have it depends on what
you're trying to manufacture if you are
Apple you could just set up a factory or
if you're foxcon actually you could set
up a factory in India you could set up a
factory in Vietnam and you could
diversify that way but if you are you
know just small medium-sized business
you can't do that you can't just open up
factories and and set up Logistics in
other countries that generally don't
have that it doesn't work like that lo
and behold low Tech friend showing jobs
flow from China That's clear if if
they're low Tech if you're making
t-shirts okay if you're making Lululemon
pants you could move that to other
countries okay that is that is happening
to some degree uh but China's just
they're just on point they're just on
point uh although wages have risen so if
it's a requires a lot of manual labor if
it's if it's something that somebody's
sewing somebody's stitching these type
of things if it's needs to be you know
leather steel whatever those type of
products could be made in other
countries they could be made in India
for instance lower wages and so on
while the US pays little attention to
Latin America China has moved in and
this is uh one one area they've done a
similar thing to Africa and other places
too largely you know you could see
what's happening the sphere of influence
uh for the United States is different
it's different than it once was it's
very clear uh but China is basically
trying to go out there and say hey uh
we're going to make deals with these
countries and we're going to have
infrastructure there we're going to
build the ports there we got the belt
and road or one belt one road depending
on where you're coming from Social
Security and Medicare finances look Grim
as overall debt piles up okay so I want
to show you something so bringing that
all together what does this mean you've
got to pay that's that's the long and
short of it you got to pay higher prices
that's coming they are going to slash
your services so your things that you've
been used to or the things that you been
told you're going to be getting they're
going to slash it they're going to cut
from that you have to be prepared for
that you have to be aware that this is
happening at the same time the Monopoly
that was once there it it's it's going
slowly but surely it's going away the
dominance of the United States is
slowly slowly being weaned off you got
to realize that and you've got to
diversify in any way there's something
called flag theory if you understand
flag Theory this to me was the like a Hu
one of the biggest revelations in fact
Finance Friday crew let's let's talk
about flag Theory uh and we we have
anyway but but let's do a whole se you
know segment on it but basically what
happens is you got to plant Flags in
different areas and each area has it's
beneficial for different reasons and so
on and that's the type of thing that a
lot of people yes not everybody but if
they if if you can you definitely should
be that is my message to you okay if you
want to know more about the finance Frid
you're like what the heck is this guy
talking about there's a link at the top
of the description before you go hit
that thumbs up button when you do so
you're supporting this channel by
clicking that little button that's down
there you're actually notifying the
algorithm to say hey this is a good
video show it to other people if nobody
hits that Thumbs Up Button nobody gets
to see the video that's how it works it
doesn't actually get shown to all the
subscribers it's only a subset of
subscribers the more people that hit
that like button the more than the
second subset of subscribers will see it
and so on and so forth so I need you to
hit that Thumbs Up Button comment I read
all the comments every single day and
I've been doing that since
2011 okay so I want to just say thank
you for being here today and as always
I'll see you tomorrow take care